---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ogc_application Resource - ogc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Applications are groups of one or more containers, with shared resources such as networking and storage, that can be deployed and replicated across clusters or in a single cluster.
---

# ogc_application (Resource)

Applications are groups of one or more containers, with shared resources such as networking and storage, that can be deployed and replicated across clusters or in a single cluster.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ogc_package" "pkg" {
  name = "example"
  project_id = "0e145a36-1ee7-434c-9f30-9e1ba4da2d7c"
}

resource "ogc_application" "app" {
  name = "example"
  package_id = ogc_package.pkg.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `package_id` (String) The id of the parent Package of the Application.

### Optional

- `display_name` (String) The user-supplied name of the Application.
- `fs_group` (Number) Supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod.
- `max_instances` (Number) The maximum number of cross-cluster instances (Default = 1) of this application to deploy. 0 value has special meaning as noted in the Multiplicity section below.
- `min_instances` (Number) The minimum number of cross-cluster instances of this application to deploy.
- `min_ready_seconds` (Number) Setting for minReadySeconds on all Kubernetes Deployments which are generated by this Application.
- `name` (String) The user-supplied RFC 1123-compliant name of the Application.
- `progress_deadline_seconds` (Number) Setting for progressDeadlineSeconds on all Kubernetes Deployments which are generated by this Application.
- `reject_privileged_clusters` (Boolean) If true the planning algorithm will refuse to place the application on a Cluster for which permitPrivilegedContainers is true. Prevents owned Clusters setting privilegedAccess to true.
- `replicas` (Number) The number of replicas of the Application to be deployed to a single Cluster.
- `requires_redeploy` (Boolean) Set to true if the Application needs the entire owning Package to be redeployed when the Application is restarted for stability reasons.
- `selector` (Block List) An Application may have zero or more Selectors associated with it. These Selectors are used during deployment planning to select which clusters the application can run on. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--selector))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Application.
- `last_updated` (String) The timestamp of the last change to this entity and any sub-entities.

<a id="nestedblock--selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `selector`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key that is used to match the key property of a Label.

Optional:

- `operator` (String) The SelectorOp used as part of the label matching operation. Can be one of: Exists, NotExists, Equals, NotEquals, In, NotIn, MinOf, MaxOf. Defaults to In.
- `values` (List of String) The values to be used during deployment planning. If operator is Exists, NotExists, MinOf or MaxOf this should be empty.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Selector.
