---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ogc_cluster Resource - ogc"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A cluster where applications created in OGC can be deployed to.
---

# ogc_cluster (Resource)

A cluster where applications created in OGC can be deployed to.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "ogc_cluster" "cluster" {
  display_name = "tf cluster"
  permit_privileged_containers = false
  description = "cluster created by terraform"
  labels = {
    key = "value"
  }

  kubernetes_config {
    config_path = kind_cluster.default.kubeconfig_path
  }
}


# Example local cluster (you can use GKE, EKS, AKS, etc instead)
provider "kind" {}

resource "kind_cluster" "default" {
  name = "test-cluster"
  wait_for_ready = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `display_name` (String) The user-supplied name of the Cluster.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The user-supplied description for the Cluster.
- `kubernetes_config` (Block, Optional) Kubernetes configuration of the underlying cluster. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kubernetes_config))
- `labels` (Map of String) Labels used by the deployment planning algorithm to place workloads in the appropriate clusters.
- `name` (String) The user-supplied RFC 1123-compliant name of the Cluster.
- `permit_privileged_containers` (Boolean) Specified whether the Cluster is allowed to run containers which require privileged access.
- `projects` (List of String) Projects associated with this cluster.

### Read-Only

- `agent_version` (String) The version of the agent installed on the Cluster.
- `created_at` (String) The timestamp of Cluster creation.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the Cluster.
- `organisation_id` (String) The id of the parent Organisation.
- `status` (String) The current status of the Cluster.

<a id="nestedblock--kubernetes_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_config`

Optional:

- `client_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate for TLS authentication.
- `client_key` (String) PEM-encoded client certificate key for TLS authentication.
- `cluster_ca_certificate` (String) PEM-encoded root certificates bundle for TLS authentication.
- `config_context` (String)
- `config_context_auth_info` (String)
- `config_context_cluster` (String)
- `config_path` (String) Path to the cluster kube config
- `exec` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--kubernetes_config--exec))
- `host` (String) The hostname (in form of URI) of Kubernetes master.
- `insecure` (Boolean) Whether server should be accessed without verifying the TLS certificate.
- `password` (String) The password to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.
- `proxy_url` (String) URL to the proxy to be used for all API requests
- `tls_server_name` (String) Server name passed to the server for SNI and is used in the client to check server certificates against.
- `token` (String) Token to authenticate an service account
- `username` (String) The username to use for HTTP basic authentication when accessing the Kubernetes master endpoint.

<a id="nestedblock--kubernetes_config--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `kubernetes_config.exec`

Optional:

- `api_version` (String)
- `args` (List of String)
- `command` (String)
